*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
*[ODE]: ordinary differential equation
*[ODEs]: ordinary differential equations
*[ABM]: agent-based model
*[ABMs]: agent-based models

*[ordinary differential equation]: A differential equation containing one or more functions of one independent variable and its derivatives.

*[deterministic]: Characterized by the output being fully determined by the parameter values and the initial conditions. Given the same inputs, a deterministic model will always produce the same output.

*[reproductive number]: In a fully susceptible population, the basic reproductive number is the number of secondary infections generated by the first infectious individual over the course of the infectious period.

*[SEIR model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following four states: susceptible, exposed, infectious, and recovered.

*[SEIRS model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following five states: susceptible, exposed, infectious, recovered, and susceptible.

*[SI model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following two states: susceptible and infectious.

*[SIR model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following three states: susceptible, infectious, and recovered.

*[SIRS model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following four states: susceptible, infectious, recovered, and susceptible.

*[SIS model]: A generic epidemiological model that provides a simplified means of describing the transmission of an infectious disease through individuals where those individuals can pass through the following three states: susceptible, infectious, and susceptible.

<!-- *[likelihood function]:

*[diagnostic plot]:

*[calibration curve]:

*[parameter sensitivity plot]:

*[posterior distribution]:

*[pseudo-likelihood function]:

*[history matching]:

*[Bayesian optimization]: -->
